# GlobalAIHubMLCourse
1. Machine Learning is a way to feed the computer both the input and output and have the computer generate a program according to it.
2. Supervised learning is a way in which we teach the computer using data which is well labeled that means some data is already tagged with the correct answer.The supervised learning algorithm analyses the training data and produces a correct outcome from labeled data. Unsepervised learning is the opposite, it is teaching the computer to identify the objects based on similarities and patterns and sort it accordingly without any spcific teaching of data. There is no guidance and the computer must act on its intuition. 
3.A test set in machine learning is a secondary (or tertiary) data set that is used to test a machine learning program after it has been trained on an initial training data set. The use of a test set is to give you a final, unbiased performance measure of your entire model building process.Validation set actually can be regarded as a part of training set, because it is used to build your model, neural networks or others. It is usually used for parameter selection and to avoild overfitting. Linear regression for regression problems. Random forest for classification and regression problems. Support vector machines for classification problems. k-means clustering for unsupervised data.
4.Acquire the dataset-To build and develop Machine Learning models, you must first acquire the relevant dataset. This dataset will be comprised of data gathered from multiple and disparate sources which are then combined in a proper format to form a dataset.
Import all the crucial libraries
Import the dataset-In this step, you need to import the dataset/s that you have gathered for the ML project at hand.
Identifying and handling the missing values-In data preprocessing, it is pivotal to identify and correctly handle the missing values, failing to do this, you might draw inaccurate and faulty conclusions and inferences from the data. 
Encoding the categorical data-Categorical data refers to the information that has specific categories within the dataset.
Splitting the dataset-Every dataset for Machine Learning model must be split into two separate sets – training set and test set. 
Feature scaling-Feature scaling marks the end of the data preprocessing in Machine Learning. It is a method to standardize the independent variables of a dataset within a specific range. In other words, feature scaling limits the range of variables so that you can compare them on common grounds.
We need to preprocess the data and prepare it for use in our machine learning training. This is also a good time to check the visualizations of the data, and help see see if there are any relevant relationships between different variables you can take advantage of, as well as show if there are any data imbalances.
5. Discrete variables are countable in a finite amount of time. Continuous Variables would (literally) take forever to count.
6.
